---
title: PSADT 3.10.0 & PSADT 101 Webinar
authors: [sintaxasn]
tags: [psappdeploytoolkit, powershell, release, webinar]
description: This is our 1st post on the new PSADT website
---

## PSADT 3.10.0

We have a new release of PSAppDeployToolkit, bringing us up to 3.10.0 and, we've added a slew of great new features and fixes.

<!-- truncate -->

- **Configure-EdgeExtensions** - Can be installed and managed like applications, enabling extensions to be pushed to specific devices or users alongside existing GPO/Intune extension policies
- **Copy-ContentToCache** / **Remove-ContentFromCache** - Cache installation to a persistent local cache (restores functionality from SCCM not in Intune)
- **Copy-FileToUserProfiles** / **Remove-FileFromUserProfiles** allows \*making per user file changes in per machine installations
- **Copy-File** now uses Robocopy by default - Overcomes 260 char limit
- Added Log File Rotation - logs will rotate automatically at 10mb size
- User Interface supports High DPI mode - Updates to icons and images to support High DPI and better brand consistency
- Improvements to overall codebase health, performance and compliance with Strict Mode
- Remediation of a number of long-standing issues (such as **Execute-ProcessAsUser**)
- Added VSCode workspace with default settings for PowerShell code formatting, default version (Windows PowerShell) and PSScriptAnalyzer linting.
- Added ability to position progress dialogs to 'TopLeft', 'Top', 'TopRight', 'TopCenter', 'BottomLeft', 'Bottom', 'BottomRight'
- Added -Wow6432Node switches for 32-bit registry support to all registry functions.
- Improved Get-RunningProcesses function, reducing complexity and improving performance
- Improved translations for Russian, German and missing strings across various languages (thanks ChatGPT)
- 20+ other fixes and improvements detailed in the change log

**[Download PSAppDeployToolkit 3.10.0](https://github.com/psappdeploytoolkit/psappdeploytoolkit/releases)**

## PSADT 101 Webinar

The new release coincides with an episode of Patch My PC's monthly webinar series, focused entirely on PSAppDeployToolkit. This webinar goes over the latest release, gives an overview, explains the benefits, and gets you set up to use PSAppDeployToolkit. We'll go over the basics of setting up your environment and creating your first custom application deployment - and we'll show you how to take it into SCCM or Intune.

<iframe width="100%" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/wZCNqFTen90" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### 3.x entering maintenance mode

Our plan is to switch the 3.x branch into maintenance mode going forward, with the only updates going forward being substantial break / fix or security updates. We are planning a 3.10.1 release to follow the current release within the next 3 weeks.

With our shift in focus to 4.0, we are aiming to have no breaking changes for existing scripts. We will have minimum supported versions for operating systems, .NET, and PowerShell versions - however, provided you meet these minimum supported version requirements, existing scripts should just work.
